Self hosted docs logan (#1625)
tinacms/tina.io: content/docs/self-hosted/git-provider/github.md

---

> title: Github Git Provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: GitHub Git Provider
```

id: '/docs/self-hosted/git-provider/github'
prev: '/docs/self-hosted/git-provider/overview'
next: '/docs/self-hosted/git-provider/make-your-own'
---

> The Github Git Provider handles saving and deleting content to github. It can be used as a prop to the `createDatabase` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GitHub Git Provider handles saving and deleting content to a GitHub hosted git repository. It is configured as a parameter to the `createDatabase` function.
```

> ## Adding the Github Git Provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding the GitHub Git Provider
```

```ts
import { GithubProvider } from 'tinacms-gitprovider-github'
// database.{ts,js}
//...

export default isLocal ? createLocalDatabase() ? createDatabase({
    gitProvider: new GitHubProvider({
        branch: process.env.GITHUB_BRANCH,
        owner: process.env.GITHUB_OWNER,
        repo: process.env.GITHUB_REPO,
        token: process.env.GITHUB_PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN,
      }),
    // ...
})
```

> ## Github Git Provider Options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## GitHub Git Provider Options
```

> ### Required Options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Required Parameters
```

| Option   | Description                                                                               |
| -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `branch` | The branch to save content to.                                                            |
| `owner`  | The owner of the repo.                                                                    |
| `repo`   | The repo to save content to.                                                              |
| `token`  | A [Github Personal Access Token](https://github.com/settings/personal-access-tokens/new). |

> ### Optional Options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Optional Parameters
```

| Option           | Description                                                                                                                 |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `commitMessage`  | The commit message to use when saving content. Defaults to `Edited with TinaCMS`.                                           |

> | `rootPath`       | This path will be prefixed to all paths (good for monorepos)                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `rootPath`       | This path will be prefixed to all paths. Usually only used in monorepos. Optional. |
```
